---
title: Python 8
layout: post
author: samuel.feast
permalink: /python-8/
source-id: 1mJmIOCoihitaHSHpwS_7v94HgS4zchI41Ze2DiZkcbk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python 8</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/3/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Rough knowledge of specific parts of python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Work through Code Academy.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Frustratingly, we had a third cover lesson in a row. Although we are all still learning python, it is a much less detailed base of the language. It is a shame that we have had very few lessons this term but it is not in our power to change that.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td># key - animal_name : value - location 
zoo_animals = { 'Unicorn' : 'Cotton Candy House',
'Sloth' : 'Rainforest Exhibit',
'Bengal Tiger' : 'Jungle House',
'Atlantic Puffin' : 'Arctic Exhibit',
'Rockhopper Penguin' : 'Arctic Exhibit'}
# A dictionary (or list) declaration may break across multiple lines

# Removing the 'Unicorn' entry. (Unicorns are incredibly expensive.)
del zoo_animals['Unicorn']

# Your code here!
del zoo_animals['Sloth']
del zoo_animals['Bengal Tiger']
zoo_animals['Rockhopper Penguin'] = 'Plains Exhibit'

print zoo_animals

This is some of the code that I was working on. It is used to remove certain parts from a list and add to them if you wish to.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sometimes I did end up using the solution button before I really felt like I exhausted all of my options. Eventually I got a bit lazy and just wanted to move on to the next section. Next time I do this sort of task I'll do my best to persevere for a little longer.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


